---
title: Private replies - stay protected even when replying
date: 2020-06-28
summary: We've just added the ability to hide your email address even when replying to messages received via Mailmask. Here we explain how this works.
---

Previously, when you replied to an email via Mailmask it would go directly back to the sender from your real email address. Thus senders would
discover your real email address if you ever replied.

This has now been changed. We have implemented _"private replies"_.

Now, when you receive an email through Mailmask you can now reply to it to send a reply back to the original sender, and your real email address will
remain hidden. Thus you can now have a whole conversation with someone over email without them ever knowing your real email address! We call this
feature **Private replies** on our [pricing page](/pricing).

Best of all, private replies are available across all our [pricing plans](/pricing), including the Basic one. And there are **no limits** to the number of replies you can do.

## How it works

Let's say your username is `batman` and that you receive an email from `admin@nytimes.com` via `news@batman.msk.sh`.

Mailmask will forward the email to you real inbox and set the sender address to be of the form: `<PREFIX>@reply.msk.sh`. The `<PREFIX>` part will be a hexadecimal
string that is an encrypted representation of the following items, all combined:

* The sender address, i.e. `admin@nytimes.com`
* Your username, i.e. `batman`
* The alias, i.e. `news`

When you reply to this email it will be received by Mailmask's mail server at `<PREFIX>@reply.msk.sh`. The `<PREFIX>` part will be decrypted to obtain the
original information as shown above. This is how Mailmask figures out who to forward replies to - we never store this information on our servers.

When we forward your reply to the original sender we again construct an address of the form: `<PREFIX>@reply.msk.sh`, which is again an encrypted representation
of the information above. This is the address to which they will send their replies back to you.

## Turning it off and bandwidth

Please note that replies (and replies back to your replies) count towards bandwidth usage. We've updated the [dashboard](/dashboard) to reflect this.

If at any point in time your turn off an alias - e.g. you turn off `news` in the above example - you will no longer receive and emails or replies from the sender
(or anybody else) via that alias. However, your own replies back to senders will still reach them and will still count towards bandwidth usage.

## Let us know how it goes!

We hope you enjoy being able to reply privately. Please let us know if you have any issues! You can get in touch with us via the [help & support](/help) page.
