---
title: New reply address format and anonymous sending
date: 2020-08-04
summary: We've improved our reply address format so that it works with moremail providers. As a consequence it's now possible to send an email anonymously through Mailmask!
---

We [recently enabled](/blog/private-replies---stay-protected-even-when-replying) private replies for all users. One
of the issues that became apparent was that not all mail services liked the long reply addresses our system
was generating. For some users this meant they were unable to reply to emails received.

We have now updated and simplified our reply address format to fix this issue.

Let's say your Mailmask username is `bob` and you receive an email from `jim@code.com` via your alias
`interview@bob.msk.sh`. Mailmask will generate the following address through which you can reply to Jim:

`jim__at__code.com-interview-bob-1@reply.msk.sh`

As you can see the structure is simple to deciper and is essentially:

`<sender address with "@" replaced by "__at__">-<alias>-<username>-1@reply.msk.sh`

## Send an email directly

The new reply address structure means you can now also send an email to someone without doing a reply!

For example, if your Mailmask username is `bob` and you want to send an email to `alice@oil.com` and have her
reply to you via your alias `oilaccount@bob.msk.sh`, the address you would send to would be:

`alice__at__oil.com-oilaccount-bob-1@reply.msk.sh`.

Mailmask will forward this message to `alice@oil.com` just as if it was a normal reply. And when Alice replies her
message will go through `oilaccount@bob.msk.sh` before being forwarded to you. From then on you can continue the
conversation as normal via Mailmask.

We hope this new feature gets Mailmask working better for you 😊.